#summary Suggestions to future improvements

= File Rename =

Currently, similar files are detected using File Hash. So a 'real' rename operation cannot be really identified.

A better solution might be to use the file ID of a file which according to the [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa363788(VS.85).aspx MSDN documentation], "keeps the same file ID until it is deleted". The Win32 method `GetFileInformationByHandle` for getting the file ID is outlined [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa364952(VS.85).aspx here] is implemented in the `FileUtil` class but is not used as it is only applicable for NTFS filesystem only. It could be possibly used in conjunction with current techniques in future versions.

= Transactional Enhancements =

"Applications use transactions to group operations on resources and ensure that the operations either succeed or fail as a single unit (that is, atomically)."

_Reference: [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc303702.aspx http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc303702.aspx]_

The implementation uses [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=109497 Kernel Transaction Manager] (KTM) and [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=109496 Transactional NTFS] (TxF). This was implemented but was removed after revision r341. While it was working, KTM is only supported on Windows Vista / Windows 2008 and later version of Windows. Furthermore, it requires KTM services to be running. It was removed for better compatibility.

Nevertheless, it will increase the robustness and reliability of synchronization if it is implemented.


