#summary FAQ of OneSync
#labels Featured

==What is _OneSync_?==

*_OneSync_* is a synchronization tool which makes use of portable and free online storage such as [http://wiki.dropbox.com/Dropbox] and effectively utilizes disk space to synchronize files/folders between computers.

==Is _OneSync_ easy to use?==

*_OneSync_* is carefully designed with users in mind. *_OneSync_* will be one of the easiest sync tools that will function without complex configuration. We hope that users will have great experience while using *_OneSync_*.

==Is *_OneSync_* free?==

Of course, *_OneSync_* is free for all. Also, Dropbox account is also free. You can get 2GB online storage for a free Dropbox account.

==*_OneSync_* is very interesting. What are the requirements for *_OneSync_*?==

  * Recommended Operating Systems: Windows Vista and Windows 7 (Support both x86 and x64)
  * Other things to note: Microsoft .NET framework 3.5 (OneSync installation package will install for you if you don't have)
And you may have Dropbox application and Dropbox account.
You can get your Dropbox application and account from [http://www.dropbox.com Dropbox Official Website]

==Well, how do I know that *_OneSync_* is suitable for me?==

If you are a Dropbox user, *_OneSync_* is 100% suitable for you. *_OneSync_* can be an add-on for Dropbox to enhance online sync experience. Don't worry if you are a normal user. *_OneSync_* provides portable media storage synchronization too. 

==I have some more questions for *_OneSync_*. Who can I ask for?==

Please email to ([mailto:my3215group@googlegroups.com]) if you have queries. Also, we welcome your opinions and comments about *_OneSync_*. Our motto is "*Users' Satisfaction is Our Vision and Driving Force*".