#summary New features and updates proposed for OneSync 4 as well as the development plan.

= Introduction =

It has been about one year since we, the CodeDroids team, released the OneSync V1.0, a free open source synchronization tool which can do both online and offline sync for Windows users. We designed OneSync for people who work on two different computers, for example computer in office and another computer at your home. There are many sync tools, for example Dropbox, available for syncing folders between two or more PCs. However, many of them do not provide a light-weight sync solution, i.e. syncing two folders without storing the same copy on either user's portable hard drive or online file storage server. Hence, we proposed OneSync last year as the solution which offers this feature of light-weight syncing.

OneSync is an open source sync tool which initially be designed for users using portable hard drive, network drive as well as the Dropbox. In OneSync 4, which will be released in later of this year, we will try to add in feature which allows light-weight syncing through SkyDrive. This is one of the high-demand features suggested by our users.

Simplicity and speed will also be two important aspects that we will take into consideration when we are designing the OneSync 4 so that it can be a faster and more lightweight sync tool. OneSync 4 will still be a no frills piece of software. This is to make sure that users can easily sync two folders without going through many redundant steps.

Our team and our project partner definitely have a lot of work to do in order to make OneSync 4 a sync tool which serves you better. So, stay tuned for more updates.

= Proposed Features for OneSync 4 =

The following are some of the interesting and useful features proposed for OneSync 4.
  * Scheduled syncing
  * N-way sync
  * Portability
  * Support OS other than Windows, for example Linux
  * Online sync with SkyDrive

We will do our best to implement these useful features. However, due to the nature of our sync logic in OneSync, for example the light-weight sync, some features proposed above may not be possible.

= Development Plan =

The whole OneSync 4 development process will begin in May 2011:
  * *May - June 2011*: Functionalities Study and Domain Analysis
  * *July - September 2011*: Implementation
  * *September - November 2011*: Testing

OneSync 4 is currently planned to be released in the winter of this year. The exact release date will be confirmed in the near future.

= GCL Project =

GCL Project (http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~gohchunl/gclProject.html) will be our project partner in OneSync 4 development. GCL Project was playing an important role in building OneSync 3, the latest version of OneSync. GCL Project is in charge of planning and most of the development of OneSync 4.

One of the major reasons of choosing GCL Project as the OneSync 4 project partner because Chun Lin from our CodeDroids team is leading the GCL Project as well. So, this cooperation is to help improving OneSync in order to serve our users better.