=== Introduction ===

This user guide describes OneSync Version 0.9.

Welcome to the OneSync User guide - a place to know more about OneSync and find out how to make your life more organized! With OneSync, your personal files stored in your computer will be easily shared and synced with another computer in sevaral ways: syncing through portable drive, thumb drive, Windows Shared Folders and even DropBox (Online Sync)!

This guide allows you to learn the features of OneSync. Just follow through the handy guide below, and enjoy the journey! =)

== Content ==

  * Getting started
    * New Features in Version 0.9
    * Downloading and installing
    * Getting around
  * Syncing my folders
    * Syncing through portable drive
    * Syncing through DropBox
    * Syncing through Windows Shared Folders
  * Managing Sync Jobs
    * Creating a new sync job
    * Modifying my existing sync job
    * Deleting current sync job
  * Feedback

== Getting started ==
*New Features in Version 0.9*
This version of OneSync has a number of exciting new features, including:
 # DropBox Integration - You now can select your DropBox folder as the intermediate storage in your sync job profile. The another computer linked to the DropBox will be updated in a few seconds.
 # Sync Job Management - You can create and manage your sync job. You do not have to memorize the long, long folder directory anymore.
 # Right-click and Sync - Just right click any reasonable folder, then you will be able to sync it in just three clicks!
 # Logs Viewing - Want to know what are files affected in the sync process? Just view the logs in your web browser.

== Feedback ==

Tell us how we're doing: Please email us feedback ([my3215group@googlegroups.com]) about your experience to help us improve our product.